Now let's try Vertical Figures on both hips
form up to down.
Keeping the knees bent we're going to lift
the right heel off the floor, push away into
the right hip.
Now we're going to slide it out, drop the
heel down, bring the hip down and contracted
back in towards the centre.
Now we're going to switch our attention from
this side to the other side the body, lifting
the left hip up, pushing out, dropping the
heel down contracting back in.
Lifting right, right heel comes up the floor,
pushing up, coming down, pulling back to centre,
lifting the left side out, heel down and in.
Now you want to be careful, when you're pushing
out, make sure you're keeping the way on the
inside of the foot, you don't want to roll
the ankle at all, so you want to stay centred.
So once again, you want to keep the chest
really havering up, chin up, and this movement
should not your upper body whatsoever.
So let's try that with music.
[music playing] Stepping right, stepping left.
Let's try it a little bit faster.
So you want to make sure your tail bones are
pointing down no matter what and your lower
are still engaged and there is no twisting
to this motion so it's actually happening
just from side to side there is no front or
back dimension to it, and the tail bone's
tucked down.
Once again.
For now, I will recommend keeping this out
of your chest hyper isolating but sometimes
you want to let your chest involved and let
it travel into your upper body.
So that's how you're doing an up to down vertical
figure 8.